{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green74\blue116;\red69\green112\blue172;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sb480\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \
Conference Site Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \

\fs24 The conference site is a system that allows one to set up events for a group of people.  Within this system, email invitations can be sent, turnout can be tracked and attendee information can be collected.  Information about the event is posted on the site along with location/venue and sessions.  Attendees can be informed of updates on the events web page as well as email.\
\
The system is basic but allows one to track attendees on-line and does not require an employee to ask for attendee information. Attendees are given access to pertinent documents like slide shows and schedules.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sb200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf3 \

\b Intent\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The intend of this WebObjects source code is to provide example code. While a derivative application is currently in production, this source code may not perform without errors in actual production.\

\b\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sb200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf3 Administration\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 There is a table of users that have administrative permissions to all back-end functions (at this time permissions are not limited to individual events). These users are referred as administrators.\

\b \
Adding Events:\

\b0 An administrator can create new events by providing the following information:\
Name or short description, dates, web page URL, documents URL, the facility name, the address of the facility, a contact phone number, a long description, and an invite code. This the basic information required for an event.\
A list of sessions, sometimes also referred as events (while the actual event is referred to, incorrectly, as a venue) can also be added. A session requires a date, start and end time, short and long description, location such as a room. Each session can be color coded to signify a relationship between sessions.\

\b \
Inviting Attendees:\

\b0 There is an area where attendees can be invited.  An event is selected from a pop-up menu and invitees can be added one at a time. The administrator adds a subject and message.  The invitee receives this message along with a URL to be used to confirm the invitation.\
There are no facilities to invite a group; all individuals planning to attend need to register individually.  A group organizer can be given the invite code which he or she can distribute internally.\

\b \
Tracking/Viewing attendees:\

\b0 Registered users can be viewed including signed-up sessions (aka activities), registration date, and optional arrival and departure date.  The list of attendees, a list organized by arrival time, and a list organized by departure time can be downloaded as Excel files. Options are available to send individual attendees an email or phone call (as links).  A page to view an attendee\'92s profile and option to remove the attendee (un-invite) is also available.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sb200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf3 \
Attendee Registrations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Attendees go through a multi-step process to register. Basic contact information, followed by completing their profile, sign up for sessions, provide itinerary, and lodging information.  Only the very first step is required to be registered, all other information can be provided at a later time at the attendee\'92s discretion. Individuals who have registered for previous events can use their previous log-in information and use the invite code provided by the organizer.\
Once registered, users can take advantage of pertinent information that\'92s only available to attendees (a special download site with additional log-in information does not need to be created, just a download space where the authorization is handled through the conference site.\
Once the event has passed, access to the conference site is still available to the attendee. It provides continued access to any documents made available before, during, or after the event took place.\
\
Originally the design requirements included passport information for countries that required invitation from the organizer.  The framework for this is still visible in the code.\
The main events page for attendees is customized for the 2010 Beijing sales conference so all events look like this conference.\
\
}